docs: Introduce Module Migration Guide (#2452)
kyma-project/lifecycle-manager: docs/contributor/06-module-migration-concept.md

# New Module Submission and Promotion Concept

> The existing module metadata is in channel-based ModuleTemplate custom resources (CRs). The new module metadata sources are version-based ModuleTemplates accompanied by ModuleReleaseMeta CRs. This document describes the target module submission process for module development teams. Migrating a Kyma module from the existing module metadata to the new module metadata.

Author: The last sentence "Migrating a Kyma module from the existing module metadata to the new module metadata." reads a cut-off.

> To go directly to the Migration Procedure, see [New Module Submission and Promotion Process: Migration Guide](./07-module-migration-guide.md.md).

Reviewer: Yes. So you want the file name to reflect that?

Once the PR is merged, the submission pipeline generates a ModuleReleaseMeta CR and kustomization, and pushes them to the `/kyma/kyma-modules` repository. The kustomization includes the required ModuleTemplate and the ModuleReleaseMeta CRs.

For more details, see the [new submission pipeline](https://github.tools.sap/kyma/test-infra/blob/feature/new-submission-pipeline/ado/new-submission-pipeline-activity.md).

> [!Note]
>  Because, for example, the `dev` channel is only allowed in the `dev` landscape, and the `experimental` channel is allowed in the `dev` and `stage` landscapes, the ModuleReleaseMeta CR and kustomization are generated landscape-specific. It means there is a separate ModuleReleaseMeta CR and kustomization per landscape.

> [!Note] 
> The kustomization is extended only with ModuleTemplates for the versions referenced in the `module-releases.yaml`. ModuleTemplates for the not-referenced versions are NOT added. Also, versions are not automatically removed from the kustomization, even if not referenced anymore. This needs to be done manually. For more information, see step 4.

> [!Note]

> > The new module version and the channel mapping submission processes cannot be combined in one PR. First, the new module version must be submitted. Only then can the channel mapping be updated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The new module version and the channel mapping submission processes cannot be combined in one PR. First, you must submit the new module version. Only then can you update the channel mapping.
```

### 3. Promoting ModuleTemplates and ModuleReleaseMeta

ArgoCD detects and applies the changes from Step 2. It deploys only the ModuleTemplates and ModuleReleaseMeta CRs relevant to each landscape.

### 4. Deleting a Module Version

To delete an unused module version, create a PR to the `/kyma/module-manifests` repository. In the PR, delete the module version's `module-config.yaml` file under `/modules/<module-name>/<module-version>`.

Once the PR is opened, the submission pipeline checks if the version is still in use by one or more channels. If so, the PR can't be merged.

> Once the PR is merged, the submission pipeline deletes the related ModuleTemplate under `/<module-name>/moduletemplate-<module-name>-<module-version>.yaml` in the `/kyma/kyma-modules` repository. In addition, it removes the reference to the module from the kustomization (*).

Author: The `(*)` footnote seems to be missing?

Reviewer: @mmitoraj Did you have a footnote in mind here?
